ah
to the light like this
today I bring you a tutorial plus a
I will teach you hairstyle in this video
how to make these three quotes that are very
easy and very simple to do
with me
let's take a lock of hair
and let's make 3 partitions
and let's start
to weave a three-strand braid
the trick of this braid is at the end
so do not despair and if well
before reaching the end of the braid
I took one of the extremes
what does it do?
and the result should stay if I take
a little girl and tie the lock of hair
do not worry , the first time you do not
is still trying
sure it's going to turn out
let's do the same thing on the other side
let's do it again take another section of
your hair and divide it into 3
make a three - strand braid as
you usually do it
and before reaching the end
take one end of the braid
and raise the braid you will see that the braid is
delicious
it only remains to tie it with a rubber band
and you can accommodate the result
You will see like this but remember that if you do not
the first one is still trying
because sometimes the first one does not
remains
Finally, take again
another lock of hair
partition to it in three and re-weave
one in three-strand braid like
you usually do it
notice that before reaching the end
you must grab one end of
the braid and with your other two fingers
the tissue goes up
the braid is going to risk and goes to
to be a kind of little vibrator
it means that in the braid is fine
made now just tie the hair and
accommodates
my braids were like that
As you can see the braids do not have a
finished perfect because that's how it is
type of braids and my hairstyle is not
perfect because I like it as well as
It looks and finally I put a
bow tie
so that it looks flirtatious but you
you can put what you want
I hope you liked this braid and
the hairstyle
and I hope that you practice it in your house
it really is that it is very easy and very
simple once you have practiced it and
what do you get
practice had it
and you tell me how it went